Doc collaborate (#29)
con/catenate: conboarding.md

4. ReproNim: request iam from David for AWS Access
5. DANDI: request credentials for DANDI from Satra

## Collaboration on Pull Requests

The CON team works on many projects and is often spread thin, so its important to be efficient with pull requests and review.

### Creating PRs

> - Keep PRs small and focused - easier to review and less risk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep PRs as small and focused as possible - this makes them easier for others to review and has a lower risk of introducing unintended side effects (a +/- lines changed under 200 is generally advised)
```

Softening this phrasing- recent examples include your big entrypoint refactor and my [sanitization feature](https://github.com/con/nwb2bids/pull/167) - neither of which can really be done piecewise (if they could, I would)

Author: lol yeah i was thinking of that

> - Self-review your diff before requesting others

Reviewer: Should we always encourage GitHub PR review prior to pinging others? (I don't often find it that useful TBH, it usually complains about meaningless things)

Author: self-review meaning look at it yourself. (Ill occassionally commit files I didnt mean to, or notice TODOs, for example)- ai review is encouraged below only for larger PRs

Reviewer 2: while submitting PR github shows the diff, and I at times even prefer it over local `git diff`. I do find useful to glance over it as, as @asmacdo mentioned, once in a while something unintended sneaks in or actually doesn't make it; hence very well worth a self-review!

Author: ```suggestion
- Self-review your diff and PR before requesting review
```

> - Keep PRs as small and focused as possible - this makes them easier for others to review and has a lower risk of introducing unintended side effects (a +/- lines changed under 200 is generally advised)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep PRs as small and focused as possible - this makes them easier for others to review and has a lower risk of introducing unintended side effects (a +/- for lines of source code changed under 200 is generally advised)
```

To clarify, docs PRs or the addition of test cases can often lead to lots of lines changed while still being quite readable/reviewable

> - Keep PRs as small and focused as possible - this makes them easier for others to review and has a lower risk of introducing unintended side effects (a +/- for lines of source code changed under 200 is generally advised)

Reviewer 3: I think the limit of +/- 200 lines is appropriate only if the provide tests are not counted. I don't mind elaborate tests that contain more than 200 lines themselves that help identify unique points of failures. I often found that tests contain more code than the production code.

Author: agreed-- we previously reworded to say "source code" specifically not to include tests, but its not clear enough. Do you have a language improvement suggestion?

Reviewer 3: ChatGPT suggests production/application code vs. test code. I believe just referring to production/application code is still a bit unclear. You may want to specify test code in contrast to in the same point to clarify.

Author: ```suggestion
- Keep PRs as small and focused as possible - this makes them easier for others to review and has a lower risk of introducing unintended side effects (a +/-  lines of code under 200 excluding docs/tests generally advised)
```

- Mark as draft if not ready for review

### PR Description

> - Link issues with `Closes #<issue-number>` to automatically close upon merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first line can link issues by using a [keyword phrase](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) which will then automatically close the issue upon merge (you can also manually link them using the 'Development' tab on the right)
```

> - The first line can link issues by using a [keyword phrase](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) which will then automatically close the issue upon merge (you can also manually link them using the 'Development' tab on the right)

Reviewer 2: I didn't know there is a convention to list on the first line.  Indeed it is quite often useful to link issue a PR addresses, but quite often an issue fix is just one part of the PR hence I then list it in itemized list.

Also, it is only within itemized list when github expands `#NUMBER` to the title of the issue hence making it immediately accessible to relate to.

Author: ```suggestion
- Link the appropriate issue at the start of the PR (and if within a list, github expands the issue title) using a [keyword phrase](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) which will then automatically close the issue upon merge (you can also manually link them using the 'Development' tab on the right)
```

It doesnt need to be first line, "but at the top" convention seems helpful.

> - Make sure the description explains why the change was made

Reviewer 2: yes, and often it is useful to describe also how.  But indeed `why` is quite often missing especially if there is no issue linked which PR would address -- making reviewer wonder about the motivation for the PR.

Author: ```suggestion
- Make sure the description explains why the change was made (and how/what, if helpful to reviewers)
```

- use `- [ ] todo item` to indicate remaining work

### Requesting Review

> - For larger PRs consider using an AI tool for initial review

Reviewer 2: might be handy for smaller ones too.  I would just 

```suggestion
- Consider using an AI tool for initial review, and make sure to address or resolve/close the items of that review before inviting human reviewers.
```
